Joey says that there were 2 sets of head shots which cost $1000. Let's assume that the acting lessons, dancing lessons, and voice coach sessions were all one thousand on average. So now we're at $4000. He then says 3 years worth of rent, utilities, and food. They live in Manhattan in a nice area of The Village, in a 2 bedroom, 1 bath, apartment on one of the upper levels. That is a very expensive location to live in; today an apartment like that would cost around five thousand dollars a month easily, using Zillow.com as a guide (and I'm low balling it assuming they got a good deal). Using an online dollar appreciation site, and using the year 1997, i found that five thousand would translate too about three thousand and five hundred dollars (*Edit: which after researching was actually their monthly rent that was actually mentioned in the show, so spot on) for them. The rent was supposed to be split 2 ways, so this is 3 years of chandler paying Joey's one thousand two hundred and fifty dollars. So $45000 in rent alone. Now for utilities, bills, food. We can guess the utilities may have been one thousand a year so lets add another $1500 for the 3 years of joeys half. We know they had a phone and cable. Using today's basic phone and cable TV prices, lets say that would be one hundred a month (no cell phones/data remember) counting inflating for 1997 would be around seventy dollars a month; so Joey's half over 3 years would have been $1260. Now for food, this is huge. Joey is known to be a huge eater, and add that to the fact that the group goes out to eat constantly; while watching the show you see that not only does chandler cover him every time they get coffee/dinner, he also gives joey money for him to go on all of the dates he constantly goes on; as well as chandler buys all the groceries (Which would be a lot). I can only guess the amounts but lets say one hundred dollars a week on groceries plus one hundred dollars a week on pizza/takeout/coffee plus fifty dollars a week for Joey's dates, every week for 3 years (which i'll say counts as 1997 value). So $39000.